
His thesis works relatively well when applied to discrimination against Blacks in the United States,
but his definition of racial prejudice as "racially-based negative prejudgments against a group
generally accepted as a race in any given region of ethnic competition", can be interpreted as also
including hostility toward such ethnic groups as the Chinese in California and the Jews in medieval Europe.

# skew eschew 'move obliquely

Attacking an increasingly popular Internet business practice, a consumer watchdog group Monday filed a complaint with the Federal Trade Commission, asserting that many online search engines are concealing
the impact special fees have on search results by Internet users. Commercial Alert, a 3-year-old group founded by consumer activist Ralph Nader, asked the FTC to investigate whether eight of the
Web’s largest search engines are violating federal laws against deceptive advertising.

The group said that the search engines are abandoning objective formulas to determine the order of
their listed results and selling the top spots to the highest bidders without making adequate
disclosures to Web surfers. The complaint touches a hot-button issue affecting tens of mil-lions of
people who submit search queries each day. With more than 2 billion pages and more than 14 billion
hyperlinks on the Web, search requests rank as the second most popular online activity after E-mail.

The eight search engines named in Commercial Alerts complaint are: MSN, owned by Microsoft;
Netscape, owned by AOL Time Warner; Directhit, owned by Ask Jeeves; HotBot and Lycos, both owned
by Term Lycos; AhaVista, owned by CMGI; LookSmart, owned by LookSmart;
and iWon, owned by a privately held company operating under the same name.
"Portland, Ore-based Commercial Alert could have named more search engines in its complaint, but focused on the biggest sites that are auctioning off spots in their results," said Gary Ruskin, the group’s executive director. "Search engines have be-come central in the quest for learning and knowledge in our society. The ability to skew the results in favor of hucksters without telling consumers is a serious problem," Ruskin said. By late Monday afternoon, three of the search engines had responded to The Associated Press’ inquiries about the complaint. Two, LookSmart and AltaVista, denied the charges. Microsoft spokesman Matt Pilla said MSN is delivering "compelling search results that people want." The FTC had no comment about the complaint Monday. The complaint takes aim at the new business plans embraced by more search engines as they try to cash in on their pivotal role as Web guides and reverse a steady stream of losses. To boost revenue, search engines in the past year have been accepting payments from businesses interested in receiving a higher ranking in certain categories or ensuring that their sites are reviewed more frequently.
